feat: add commands page (#844)
nuxt/nuxtjs.org: content/en/guides/configuration-glossary/configuration-ssr.md

---

- Type: `boolean`
- Default: `true`
- Possible values:
  - `true`: Server-side rendering enabled
  - `false`: No server-side rendering (only client-side rendering)

> > You can set this option when you require client side rendering only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can set this option to `false` when you want **only client side rendering**
```

```js{}[nuxt.config.js]
export default {

>   ssr: false // only client side rendering

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ssr: false // Disable Server Side rendering
```
